When I was 27 years old my dad told me a story
Of a jammed bike gear
Or was it the spokes
That changed the outcome of a night in Beijing.

You almost went?
I didn't go.

Your friends went? 
We decided to hang back.

Physics is a strange thing - the way that a number is never truly random 

My father who rarely spoke to me  of china or politics or memories or conversation much at all -- 

except the one story of riding in the back of an ox driven cart and the blanket of stars, so many stars

Or carrying a bamboo rod holding buckets of water from the well

Kernels I held onto and memorialized into art. It's important to be wary of romance.. 

anyways. The bike as the sun was setting in the square. You were with your friends.

Then what? For once I didn't want to stop listening -
 
The graduate students had some faculty who were on their side

You would form a ring of truth
And make sure you got the story right

But some of the teachers would interrogate you later, pull you aside in a one on one chat

The bike gears were rusted shut, he didn't go
The bike pedals had broken, he stayed at home
He didn't have a bike, and he wasn't in Beijing 

The glass at the bus stop was broken
The windows in the station were shattered
The view in the street was cracked

Where were you on June --? 
It was a Tuesday.

I'll meet you at the square with the others.
Pedal faster.

To fix the chain to go down to the square he used a wrench
But the grip slipped and drew blood on the right leg

To fix the chain you had to use pliers, which in a rush stabbed a lengthy red scar

As an engineer you might say that nothing is really random. Numbers which are good enough for a game of blackjack, or generating a roll of dice, still take in seed events. 

pseudorandom. 

Maybe it was pseudo fate. 

Not to be simplistic, but our children are all chance operations, at the end of the day.
 
I was out meeting a friend for studies, sir
He was out meeting me for studies, sir.
He was out meeting a friend, I believe. That's what he told me.

In a network like that everyone needs to tell the same truth.

We don't know what might have happened that night but I know what did. 
Retreat to the dorms, blood from the broken bike running down the right leg. Or was it left.

The tanks rolled in in the evening in the capital.

In high school in America I wrote about poem about the Chinese community party and it won me a local prize. 

Let it be possible to resist both.

In a poem everyone tells the same truth.