International Ladies Garment Workers Union JUSTIC[logo:unionmade ILGWU]E VOL. LXVII, NO. 9 OCTOBER 1985 House Passes Bill "All we are asking for is the chance to earn a living. . . But if you ignore us, the message you will send is that there is no room in the United States for people like myself." Wing Fong Chin [photo] [photo] "Imports have taken our jobs and our health. They have taken our homes and pride. Worst of all they have taken away our futures and our dreams." Beverly Reed. "Senators, tell me, what should a 50-year-old Portu- guese woman do, who has no high school education or speaks little English? Should she apply with IBM. .. to work as a computer operator...?" Anne Marazita [photo] The House of Represen- tatives passed the ILGWU- supported import bill on October 10 by a vote of 262 to 159. Meanwhile, the bill's course remains unclear in the Senate where an altered version has been tacked on to unrealted legislation. Such a procedural move is common in the Senate. Action in both houses came despite the belief that President Reagan will veto any trade legistlation. In- deed, the changes in the\ Senate version are an effot by the bill's supports in the Senate to make it more palatable to the administra- tion. Although the bill has 55 co-sponsers in the Sen- ate, this is short of the two- thirds needed to override a veto. ILGers testifed in Washington, D.C.— story on page 3. The vote in the House fell short of the large number of co-sponsors (292) in that body. Nevertheless, there is still hope that a presential veto could be overridden. (continued on page 3) Call to the 39th ILGWU Convention The 39thconvention of the ILGWU will open on May 30, 1986 at the Diplomat Hotel in Hollywood, FLorida. Garmet workers from across the United States and Canada will gather to review the struggles and ac- complishmenbts of the past three years and to chart our course for the the next three. The convention, the highest governing body of the ILGWU, will convene at a time of intence turbulence in the domestic garment industry. The ILGWU and many other AMerican and Canadian workers and their unions face rising imports and declining union membership. These problems are so critical that we have devoted a tremendous effort in the fight to protect and preserve American and Candian jos. In particular, we have fought hard on the legislative front to keep apparel and textile important at reasonable levels. At the same time, we have continued the never-ending struggle to maintain decent standards for garment workers through collective bargaining and organizing the unorganized. On the legislative front, we have con- tinued to defend social security, fiar labor stndards, minium wage, civil liberties, and other areas of vital concern to our members. • When we gather in May we will review our efforts to further the political, eduational and economic well-being of our members. Our task has been made particularly difficult by a conservative Administration in the United States which is unresponsive to the needs and aspirations of working people. This Administration seems unconcered with the flight of manufacturing jobs to distant shores, and unmindful of the need to im- prove housing, health care, education, and job prospects for the people of this country. Instead, it seems determined to cut back the social programs that benefit the vast majority of working peo- ple while adding to the wealth of the corporate elite. This elite has shown that it feels no compulsion to re- cycle the income it receives from American workers and consumers into maintaining jobs for these very same Americans. At home, 85 years of accomplishment in achieving decent wages, fair working conditions, and social growth are threatened by ruthless entrepreneurs who have resurrected the garment sweatshop, an evil phenomenon we thought we had buried long ago. The growth of the non-union sector has posed serious challenges to our organizers. Abroad, oppressed workers in Asia and Latin America, laboring without the protection of trade unions, are exploited by cynical im- porters who value profits above human dignity. • Members: All that we have achieved has been the result of determined struggle. In the past, we have faced difficultires, even threats to our very survival, from which we have emerged victorious and stronger than ever. Today, we confront similar threats on every side, but our will to struggle and our commitment to the ideals of the ILGWU and the labor movement are not any less than those of our forebears. We go into this conventioned determined to combine the wisdom learned in almost a century of unionism with the creativity and new ideas appropriate to our changing world. Our delegates will come together at our convention to apply that spirit to the problems we face: controlling imports, organizing non-union garment workers in the United States and Canada, defending the conditions in which our members work and live, educating the American electorate on the issues in the upcoming con- gressional and presidential elections, as well as address- ing similar political issues facing our sisters and brothers in Canada. We undertake this task with awareness of the breadth and depth of the challenges and with con- fidence that once again our collective wisdom will enable us to build for a brighter future. • To this purpose, we now issue this CALL FOR THE 39TH ILGWU CONVENTION to open at 9 A.M. on Friday, May 30, 1986 at the Diplomat Hotel in Hollywood, Florida. All units and organizations of the ILGWU are being notified of the precise number of delegates and alter- nates to which they are entitled. They will walso receive official returns for the election of delegates and alter- nates. In accordance with the provisions of our constitu- tion, the election of the delegates is to take place simultaneously with the election of local officers and executive board memebers. These elections are to be held in the period between December 2, 1985 and March 28, 1986. All units and subdivisions are hereby notified to call members as soon as possible for the pur- pose of nominating and electing delegates and officers. These nominations and elections, and the election campaigns must be conducted in accordance with the prescribed rules of our constitution. The official returns must reach the office of the general secretary-treasurer of the ILGWU not later than April 4, 1986. General Executive Board, International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union SOL C. CHAIKIN President JAY MAZUR General Secretary-Treasurer WILBUR DANIELS Executive Vice President IRWIN SOLOMON Executive Vice President [photo] School Days. Jeff Hermanson teaches class on organizing. New Staffers Learn Leadership Skills Students from the United States and Canada are participating at the 1985 Staff Training Institute held at union headquarters in New York City. Twenty-two recently-hired ILG staffers are taking part in the three-month course run by the Education, and Organization and Field Services depart- ments. According to Joseph Danahy, director of the organization depart- ment, "The objective of the course is to give students a basic knowledge of how the union is run. Today people need a lot of different skills in different areas as management becomes more sophisticated." This course, the largest run by the union in twenty-five years, is split in- to three weeks in the classroom, six weeks doing fieldwork, followed by three weeks of classes. It covers subjects such as 'How to organize a Cam- paign,' 'Strikes,' 'The History of the ILGWU,' 'Leadership Training,' 'Trade and Imports,' and 'Contracts.' New Yorkers: Make Jobs 'No. 1' on Election Day More than 110,000 people are currently employed in companies helped by loans from the Jobs Development Authority (JDA). Pro- posal Number One aims to improve job op- portunities in New York State by expanding the lending capacities of the JDA. JDA is a "public benefit corporation" authorized by a constituional amendment ap- proved by New York voters in 1961. By pro- viding low-cost, long-term financing to com- panies located in New York or seeking to locate here, JDA assists business and industry and stimulates private sector employment. Proposal Number One will expand the lending capacity of JDA from the present $300 million to $600 million, and increase the percentage of project cost from 40% to 60% that JDA may lend in any one project. ILGWU Vice Pres. Wilbur Daniels, vice chair- man of the board of JDA, says, "This proposal will be of great help to workers employed by small businesses, including workers in the gar- ment trade." • The jobs of 110,000 people working in companies that have received JDA low-cost loans produce private sector payrolls of more that n $1.3 billion per year, and result in more than $106 million per year in state and local tax revenues. • More than 1,600 business organizations throughout New York have established new plants or expanded operations with JDA assistance. • JDA loans of $360 million have produced $1.1 billion of private sector investment in buildings and in machinery and equipment. • All this has been achieved at no cost to the taxpayers of the state. For these reasons, the ILG is urging New York members to vote "YES" for Proposal Number One on November 5. Published monthly except July-August, when bimonthly. Editorial and Publication Office: 1710 Broadway, New York, N.Y. – (212) 265-7000. SOL C. CHAIKIN, President; JAY MAZUR, General Secretary-Treasurer; WILBUR DANIELS, Executive Vice President; IRWIN SOLOMON, Executive Vice President; DWIGHT BURTON, Editor; CYD WELDON, Managing Editor; CARA LISE METZ, Staff Writer; LISA TREI, Staff Writer. LEON STEIN and MEYER MILLER, Editors Emeritus. Subscription $2 a year. Second Class Postage paid at New York, N.Y. and at additional mailing offices. (Postmaster: Please send address changes to Justice, 1710 Broadway, New York, N.Y. 10019.) Vol. LXVII, No. 9 (USPS 2888409) (ISSN 0022-7013). 2 October 1985 JUSTICE 9/11 + 12/1985 WORKER'S STATEMENT My name is Wing Fong Chin. I am a working ^at Futuristic Fashions in New York City's garment industry. I am hecre to urge you to vote for the Textile and Apparel Trade Enforcement Act. Your vote willhx help save my job and the jobs of the other 4recent immigrants who work in the garment industry. I want you to understand how idifficult it is for an immigrant from an Asian country to find work in America. The laws and customs are so different. If you don't speak English, there are almost no places outside of Chinatown where a Chinese immigrant can get a job. Veyry often, the only choice someone like myself has is to work in a Chinese restaurant or in a garmemt shop. Even if you have a professional degree or special training, it is extremely difficult. There are many veyry educated people who work in the garment industry in order to suvrvive. Their years of schooling are wasted because they can't speak English and don't have the right degree. But everyone can find a job in a garment shop. Wages are extremely low, yet by making sacrifices we manage to raise our families. We want to see our sons and daughters have what we cannot have--an education, a profession, a good steady job and a home of their own. A large percentage of our children go on to college, and we are very proud of the fact that many children of garment workers are attending the top schools--Harvard, Yale, MIT. I want to ask you: if you let imports destoroy the garment industry, where will people like myself find work? How will we be able to provide for our families? Each year, more immigrants arrive from China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong. What will they do if there is no American garment industry? Please understand that we are not asking for special favors. We don't want hand-outs or welface. All we are asking for is the chance to earnix a living. It is very hard right now, but it is not impossible. But if you ignor ignore us, the message you will send is that theere is no romom in the United States for people like myself. Please vote to save our jobs. Thank you.